---
to: sr2020-teams
subject: Tech Days, Mentoring and input on Competition Dates
---

Hello,

With the competition now well underway, we’re planning the ways we can help your
teams build the best robots they can.

### Tech Days

Tech Days are opportunities for teams to get help if they’re struggling with a
technical issue, and a controlled environment for students to make more progress
on their robots. They’re also an opportunity to see how well they’re doing in
comparison to other teams.

We will provide a space for you to work in, with power and internet access, as
well as volunteers able to help you with your kits and hands-on guidance with
your robots.

The next Tech Day is in [London, on Saturday 30th November][london-tech-day],
though will only take place if we have sufficient interest. If you’d like to
attend, please **[sign up for the London Tech Day][tech-day-signup]** by
Wednesday 27th November.

We’ll be organising more Tech Days soon, so keep an eye on the website.

### Mentoring

We’re assembling some volunteers who are able to mentor your team.

Your mentor will help guide your team towards good solutions for their robot,
provide assistance where they might need it as well as help them understand the
kit, the rules and the competition as a whole.

Mentors are volunteers who have typically competed or helped out with the
competition before. They’re able to give help on all aspects of building and
programming your robot, and if they don’t know something, they typically know
someone who does.

Mentors will mostly attend in person, though for some teams we may not have
anyone nearby. In those cases we may be able to offer remote mentoring (by video
call).

If you’d like a mentor to visit your team either regularly or as a one-off to
help them out with building their robot, fill out this sign-up form:

**[Sign up to get a mentor][mentoring-signup]**.

We typically have more teams interested than we have free volunteers, so we
sadly can’t guarantee every team gets a mentor.

### Competition Planning

We're currently evaluating venues for the SR2020 competition event and would
like your input on which dates would be best for your team. Please complete this
Doodle poll to tell us which weekends you expect that your team would be able to
attend.

**[Tell us which weekends are best for your team][competition-dates-doodle]**.

-- The SR Competition Team


[london-tech-day]: https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2020/london-tech-day-november/
[tech-day-signup]: https://forms.gle/vSrzt4o85542MGcv8
[mentoring-signup]: https://forms.gle/DCNpk9zsFnA8fRXW6
[competition-dates-doodle]: https://doodle.com/poll/rt5d2abxfscdnhr2
